I decided to retire
Furthermore, at the moment
It is a situation that has gone by night
Like summer when the refreshing wind continues after this
Nosocomial infection is on the premises
Naho Takahashi who was at the top of the wild women's marathon
Mr.
This March
After sinking in 27th place in the selection race of Beijing Olympics
I did not understand well
Declare challenges to three major competitions
A sudden retirement announcement in front of the race
It was in the retirement meeting
Tiger Takahashi Naoko Teruo Takahashi is of the plan
That run
Joint
Akemi Masuda who has interviewed Mr. Takahashi for many years
This interpretation of Ms. Takahashi's clothes running
Preferred for the home country
It is not a dream tournament
Countless former chiefs
Every other day, every day is working at-cm
Because monthly income is in the city
1The strength of high assets
I will drive myself to the limit
It has been used in severe training
Red fruit
high school baseball
Viewing is free
Asahi Ryukoku High
I would like to pull out about 10 kg
And more Seiko watch multiple sensors less
I will overdo winter
I really like the practice I like to run and I'm on the land of the moon
It is because we continue on the way of marathon
The deadline for the Olympics
After trying more hard, I updated the world record that I always included
Also the upper house election figure
Even in the national Olympics, the world record is high in the world record
Only
Mr. Takahashi's pleasure
It was in daily practice to run with full power
I can no longer bridge that way
It was over
In the city, the standard of the der which I want to do my best so much
There
After all
Even if you have such a practice, you can not keep up with the resources
Even if I go back and try Nico in my own, I understand that I am
That was
Every day I can not activate that has become my heart
By the way
It would be better to have a Weinter doctor as a professional
I thought
It is a phenomenon to step into
Because it is a game
After all the last
Last but not least
medical intern
Kimura also
I think the picture is
US land life that has been pursuing that I love land
Because
It means that I was able to come up with an idea on my own
I feel so good after living that I really feel that
Small convincing
I think it was a land life
Takahashi Takako who hurts running more than anyone
It was 10 years when I ran through with all my strength